Clarify synthetics params / secrets docs (#3672)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-params-secrets.asciidoc

[[synthetics-params-secrets]]
= Work with params and secrets

> Params allow you to use dynamically defined values, in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Params allow you to use dynamically defined values in your
```

synthetic monitors. For example, you may want to test a production website with a particular
demo account whose password is only known to the team managing the synthetic monitors.

> Please read the <<synthetics-sensitive-secret, documentation on sensitive values>>for more information on security-sensitive use cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please read the <<synthetics-secrets-sensitive, documentation on sensitive values>>for more information on security-sensitive use cases.
```

[WARNING]
====
Please note that params are viewable in plain-text by administrators and other users with "all" privileges for
the synthetics app.
Additionally, note that synthetics scripts have no limitations on accessing these values, and  a malicious script author could write a
synthetics journey that exfiltrates `params` and other data at runtime. 
Do *not* to use truly sensitive passwords (for example, an admin password or a real credit card)
in *any* synthetics tools.
Instead, set up limited demo accounts, or fake credit cards with limited functionality.

> If you want to limit access to parameters ensure that that users who are not supposed to access those values do not have "all" privileges

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to limit access to parameters ensure that users who are not supposed to access those values have "read" privileges
```

Author: I'm worried that this isn't quite right in that users with `read` privileges can still view a lot of network request metadata including request headers that might contain credentials. Do you agree we need to document / caveat this? I generally think that we should advise folks to think of it as more binary, if you can view the monitor you may be able to view credentials. Even if that isn't true all of the time, it is some of the time.

Your thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Makes sense. Lets keep it the way you proposed.
